Controls:
Holding B while on the World Map, Entering a level, disables said level's modifier.
This can be used if you find a modifier annoying or hard to deal with, if you wish to skip said level.


Warning: Spoilers ahead, this will list all Level's features, and some details
<NYI> = Not Yet Implemented

1-1: Despawn all entities except for Mario, incl. Enemies and Rolling Hills

1-2: Always Spin, This effect is strange, here's the rundown:
Falling off any platform or ground, will result in the effect activating.
Walljumping will deactivate the effect until its activated again by the condition above.
Might cause strange things to happen randomly.

1-3: Mario is made about 2 pixels large, and forced into Mini.
Yoshi has been removed in a very funny way, i cant explain it, but just look at it lol

1-Tower: Mario's Vertical Speed is limited, just enough to make the level barely possible.
I do NOT know if all Starcoins are possible.
Entering the Level with Mini (and retaining Mini) lets you stop Vertical momentum entirely by Groundpounding.

1-4: The Ocean is draining, be quick! Luckily Quagsire is a Water-Type, so he go fast!
When the Water is drained, you can spin into, or in Air-Bubbles from the Pipes, to levitate above them.
At the end of the stage, this is required to go into the pipe to exit the Water section.

1-5: May be Linear-Movement, meaning Velocity doesnt exist.
Instead we shift Mario's position based on which button is pressed.

1-6: Shy Rolling Hills, They hide... Basically just made all Rolling-Hills invisible, because why not.

1-Castle: Mario & The Gang are Invisible, and Kamek accidentally cursed Larry's Floor, Good Luck!
Use Spin and Wall sliding, to figure out your Position.

2-1: You arent allowed to go left. This includes all forces, like walking, running, walljumps, etc.

2-2: Left and Right are switched, sliding on slopes now also goes backwards/upwards
Powerups also fire in the opposite direction to where youre facing

2-3: Replaces Fireballs with very slow but large Bullets (Banzai Bill)
Also creates a spotlight around the enemy that shot the Bullet, which exists as long as the bullet is loaded

2-Tower: Too much Helium. You and your theoretical palls are at a childrens birthday party.
They have helium... Quagsire and the Gang rise into the air and fly into Morton's Tower!
What a great story huh? Anyway yeah, you float okay... thats the bit... you float..
Doors might be tricky to enter, but it does work, ive tested it.

2-4: Be Prepared of Sand, more sand, and pain.
This Level prohibits you from walking rightward, leaving you to travel with the winds of the Desert.
Subareas might not have wind... i forgor :|

2-5: I dont know what i did here or why...
The Entire game runs at half speed, Quagsire & Friends' max_speed is wierd, so dont go too fast!

2-6: I dont like this level... at All
so, ive made it horrible with a very simple change. The Main Gimick is a rotating mushroom block.
Ive made that mushroom block be visible but only every 60th frame. (1 frame per second of visability)
Good Luck to whoever likes this level.
